[b]Chapter 1b[/b]

|+---_4_---+|
[b]The confrontation[/b]

"Humans? Do we look like we human?" McHero questioned.

Puzzlement crossed Perry's face. What else would it be? He had sought a meeting with the people out there to determine where he is on Earth. He asked that question, because well, he still want to determine that he's still sane.

"What do you mean by that?" Perry asked.

"We're dwarves, if that what you're asking." A light lit up for Perry. Maybe they're roleplaying?

"Dwarves as in fantasy dwarves?"

"What ya mean by that? We're fake?"

"Roleplaying! As in dragon and dungeon! Medieval fantasy! Cosplaying!"

The dwarves looked at each other, absolutely confused.

"Come on, work with me here! I need to know if you're English, American, Australian, or whatever, and where are we on Earth?" Then Perry realized that he had been speaking gibberish the whole time. No, he was really speaking a language!

"American, English, and Australian...Is that some kind of race?"

"What language am I speaking?"

"IronGear Dwarvish," McHero replied. "Unless you're some kind of foreigner from way out there."

"That's it! I never learnt the language in my entire life. I speak English!" Suddenly, it dawn on Perry that this may not be Earth, but a different world entirely.

"Um, Wizbeard?" McHero's face was pointed toward Wizbeard.

"I had put a seeking rune to ensure that the Dwarf I summoned will be able to speak our language....wait??? This dwarf here never learnt our language?" Wizbeard said.

"I am not a 'dwarf'. I am a human, who was born with dwarfism, for your information. Does this world have elves, goblins, humans, and a magic system?"

"Who else would you be? A human can never be this short," McHero replied. "And yes, of course, this world does indeed have all of that. But why would you ask? It's like asking if water is wet."

"Well, then, can anybody show me proof of magic?"

Wizbeard casually threw up a floating fireball.

Suddenly, Perry hyperventilated, much to the further confusion of the dwarves.

"Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha......YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Perry jumped in excitement. "THIS IS REAL! THIS IS REAL! THIS IS REAL!"

The dwarves turned their gaze on Wizbeard.

"What? It's obviously that my summoning spell work!" Wizbeard tried to defend himself. "They didn't say that a legendary dwarf is a nutcase."

"May the gods help us," McHero prayed. Then the hero pointed his finger at the wizard. "Old man, you're responsible for ensuring that your summon will benefit us, rather than wreck us with his crazed mania."

"Why you question...." the wizard muttered before confidently replying, "don't worry, he will reward us with his wisdom and leadership."

After Perry's initial excitement died out, the wizard stepped forward to get the seemly insane dwarf's attention.

"I, the one who had summoned you, ask for your help in this endeavor of setting up our fine colony," Wizbeard asked.

"Oh, no problem," Perry replied excitedly. "I would be helping you guys anyway! Come into my house, and I'll show you what I can do for you." Perry then re-entered the concrete monolithic.

Suddenly, Wizbeard had second thoughts. He turned around, only to see the expectant gaze of McHero and the others.

[i]"You summoned him, your responsibility,"[/i] McHero conveyed without a word. Wizbeard sighed, and then entered the homestead that he accidentally summoned.

|+---_5_---+|
[b]Perry's Homestead[/b]

Caught up in his excitement, Perry had forgotten caution and instead invited a total stranger in his home. A person who could ruin with day with fireballs. Oops.

So, Perry suddenly stopped walking, causing Wizbeard to bump into him.

"Several quick questions. First, is this land occupied by any other power?" Perry asked.

"No."

"Do you own slaves or does your society permitted slavery?"

"What??? Of course, not!"

"Is your nation warring with any other power?"

"No! Not unless we are under attack. It would be agg-"

"Good." It wasn't everything that he wanted to ask, but it seemed that whatever this magic guy is from, he came from a pretty civilized society. Even so, Perry kept in mind 'defensive options' should it be needed.

"What's your name? My name is Terry Perry."

"I am Grand Wizard Urist Wizbeard."

They finally entered the dining room at the end of the hallway. The room itself is a mess, given that many objects had fell to the floor.

"I apologize for the mess," Perry explained. "You see, when you summoned me, the whole house shook."

"Oh, it's no problem?" the wizard replied. The dwelling was absolutely luxurious. Marble stones, masterpiece crafting, lightings that go on and off, pretty artwork and painting, and much more. Whoever this person is, he was a very rich man.

"Do you want cider?"

"Yes, please!"

The legendary dwarf proceeded to opened a stainless steel cabinet, and took out a clear container of apple juice. Then the dwarf took out two clear glasses to pour the cider in. Finally, the dwarf handed the glass to the wizard.

"It must be expensive! With all the glasses."

Perry chuckled at that. "Back in my world, glasswares are very cheap."

"Excuse me? Your world? Is that where legendary dwarves lived?"

"For your information, I am a human. And no, my world do not contain any dwarves, only humans. Granted most of them are not as short as me."

"You expect me to believe that? You can't be a human, because you're too short!" Perry facepalmed at this repetition of statement.

Perry sighed as Wizbeard drank the cider.

"Blah! This is not alcoholic! What are you thinking, trying to get us drunk?!" The wizard looked absolutely scandalized.

"What? Don't alcohol get people drunk?"

"You fool! Humans get drunk on alcohol, not dwarves!" Perry was agape at that revelation. He read fantasy stories over the year, but he never actually read anything that said dwarves get drunk not drinking alcohol.

"Seriously?" Perry asked.

"Yes, seriously. You're trying damn hard pretending to be a human." A light bulb went up on Perry's head.

"Say, if I drink five glasses of soft cider without getting drunk, will you acknowledge me as human?"

"Bhuahahhaha! Three. Five is just too much for any dwarf. You will walk a straight line for six meters from here to there." The mage pointed his finger at the appropriate tile on the dining room.

Drinking three full glasses of apple juice wasn't exactly healthy. It was a lot of sugar, but it was necessary, especially if the dwarves are to stop thinking of Perry as a dwarf.

So, Perry drank his first one, then his second one, and his third one. He walked the line perfectly straight each time.

"One more!" Wizbeard insisted. Perry obliged.

"One more!" Once again, Perry drank one more glass of apple juice.

"One mo-"

"I will not be doing that again," Perry interrupted. "If you keep insisting, even a human will die from drinking too much cider."

"Gah! How can you walk a straight line after five drinks???!!! It's indwarf!"

"Because I am human?"

"But that's im-im-im-im-im!"

"Impossible," Perry finished. "Where you are from, maybe. But where I am from, human parents on occasion have children with dwarfism. From now on, you will call me a human, not a dwarf, ok?"

"Yes sir," Wizbeard replied reluctantly.

"Now, I don't know much about your world and you don't know much about what I am capable of. Some of the question may be incredibly basic to you, but in exchange...."

A large infodump followed. The surrounding geography, the languages, the different races, and the magical system explained. More importantly, Wizbeard explained some of the common belief people have about the world, some familiar and some unfamiliar. That's very necessary if Perry wish to expand the dwarves's scientific understanding of the world.

In exchange, Perry explained what his society can do, what he himself is capable of, and what the building contained, as well answering some questions about his world.

|+---_6_---+|
[b]Debriefing[/b]

By the end of an hour long conversation, Wizbeard was completely baffled by his summon, especially as the delusional dwarf explained absolute stuff of fancy. Flying machines, self propelling carriage, clockwork minds, and so on. Blah! He wouldn't believe it, not without supporting evidences like what the crazy dwarf called "drones", "computers", and "phones". Stuff that's absolutely magical to Wizbeard, but he was assured that it was all mundane.

And now, he's in the centerpoint of a deserted camp. The dwarves had gone out doing their things, either fishing, chopping down woods, or digging through the mountain, or working some other tasks.

There was a bell in the middle of the camp just for summoning the colonists. So Wizbeard rang the bell, causing the dwarves all over to pause work and gather themselves in the center.

"My fellow dwarves, my meeting with the summoned had gone well,” the wizard announced. “He agreed to assist us in ensuring that the new colony will thrive, by utilizing his knowledge, tools, and books. But on one condition."

"And what would that be?" McHero rudely interrupted.

"He said that he is a human, contrary to appearance, and to prove that, he drank five mugs of soft cider and shown to me that he can walk a straight line for six meters."

The dwarves broke into soft mutter.

"What the hell does that mean?" McHero asked.

"I do not know, and I am still inclined to think of him as a dwarf, despite the obvious difference in physiology."

"Maybe he's a half dwarf?" a woman suggested. "We never had that combination before, but we know of half-elf-human, half-orc-human, half-"

"Whatever the case may be, the dwarf, I mean human, said he wished to be labeled and referred to as a human. End of story."

"Now what?" McHero asked.

"Well, we will have a learning session tonight. He wishes to present to us 'Germ Theory'."

"What the hell is that?"

"Something about miniature lifeforms?"

"What's the application of that to colony building?"

"I don't know! We'll have to wait and see tonight."

"Fine, fine, fine. I am still of the opinion that man is insane, even if he can drink five mugs of soft cider without getting drunk."

With the meeting over, the dwarves scattered to their workstation. They had strike the earth, and it won't be long until it turned into a proper town.

|+---_7_---+|
[b]Planning[/b]

The human was back at his office, sighing at things to come. He was abruptly transported to this world, without his permission or consent, and far from everything he knew, love, and hate. This Wizbeard fellow wasn't even apologetic about it, nor did he ever show evidence  that he thought about the worlds that summoned creatures came from.

Yet, Terry Perry wasn't distraught, even though he left his friends, his coworkers, and his-not-so-missed family behind. They would probably be wondering how the hell the house and its occupant disappeared, and it would be the greatest mystery of the century to boot. Then they would be doing a funeral amongst a huge media bonzana.

In the end, Terry Perry felt himself to be an interchangeable and replaceable cog in the machine. A very useful one, but a cog nonetheless. The emptiness in their life will be filled with someone else as they moved on with their life. That what he would want, anyway.

But now, he has a whole new world to explore, to learn, and to study. Maybe he'll get back to Earth one day, or maybe not. Though he preferred the ones that allow the people of Earth and the people of whatever this planet is called to travel between them repeatedly.
