[b]chapter 0c[/b]

|+---_7_---+|
[b]Red Light District, Irongrind[/b]

General Rike Hammermaster walked down a dark street, ignoring the sight of pretty women selling their bodies for money. Instead he headed straight for a certain building. He was in a hurry, not in the mood for entertainment. A conversation with a certain bastard continuously occupied his mind.

[i]"If you don't listen to Furfire, listen to me!" Hammermaster protested.

"That bastard is a liar, and if he hadn't already done worse, I would have kicked him out of the army. Now you're siding with him. Do you want me to strip you of your generalship as well?" the king ranted with food in his mouth.

"But your majesty! This is serious!"

"So what if it's true? My father beat them last time, and we can do it again!"

"Arrogance will lead-"

"I don't want to hear your blabbermouth! If you say something again, I will really kick you out of the army!"

Hammermaster was absolutely silent at that point. He wasn't afraid of punishment, especially when it came to doing the things necessary for his country. But getting punished here won't be any help at all.

He walked out of the door with an irate dwarven King behind him.
[/i]

Having already exhausted his options with the King, Hammermaster was resorting to a really shady thing that he shouldn't be doing. He did consider talking to the rest of the generals, but how many of them will cooperate and how many will report him to the King, stripping his authority to command armies? He had never contemplated this situation before, as it was never before necessary. But he did felt that more likely than not, he would get caught and reported. Command authority and willingness to obey order was very much ingrained in the Dwarven war machine. Independent soldiers like Hammermaster and Furfire stood out like a round peg in a square hole. They were only kept due to their sheer competency, much to the dislike of other officers.

This is why he's doing said shady thing, forging the King's signature to send messages for mobilization of troops to MountainPass. He had judged it to be more likely to succeed.

However, the general wasn't trained in espionage. There was a distinct possibility of failure. Even if he succeed, he might later be put to death, and his name casted into infamy while the King lapped up the honor. But his personal fortune wouldn't matter the slightest bit if the kingdom fell.

|+---_8_---+|
[b]Signature Forger's House[/b]

A very difficult to notice hole was made in the ceiling of a certain nobeard's house, adjacent to a wall. Inside the attic on top of the ceiling, a black clad dwarf was sliding his periscope in that hole. His name is agent Bark McBrewer.

He spied the nobeard dwarf getting to work on his next forging of signature. This time, it was the King's signature. This nobeard had crossed the line. True, he was already a criminal, having helped hundred of his clients defraud the royal government and citizens alike. It was a mystery that the nobeard had escaped notice so long as he did.

But now that's no longer the case. Especially since the secret police had finally caught to this man. Since the founding of the services two years ago, corruption had dramatically dropped. At first, they caught stupid scoundrels and corrupt bureaucrats everyday. But eventually, the bureaucrats had either been cleaned out or they had gotten smarter. Nowadays, the secret police were spending all their time on time-consuming police work.

This is one of them.

Another agent, Urist McNinja, smoothly made a square cut into the celling surrounding the duo, but not so that it penetrated too deeply. They don't want to fall down until they need to, nor do they want to alert the criminal beneath him. With a quick forceful stomp, the celling should collapse on the criminal and the client they're apprehending. They are not going to do that right this instant. It was crucial to catch the last client of this fraudster, especially the person who requested a forgery of the King's signature, a capital worthy crime.

Finally, a dwarf entered the building, and this client was....General Hammermaster? No, it couldn't be!

"Are the signatures ready?" Hammermaster asked the master fraudster.

"As ready it would be. Do you really need thirty of them?" the nobeard dwarf asked.

Thirty?! That's more than enough to throw the government into chaos! One would only need that much if he was looking to harm the King himself, not to get rich on stolen royal properties.

"Why are you asking? Are you complaining about all the golds?"

"No, just curious. Anyway, the king's signature should be done in a minute."

That does it! A king's signature is power, and whatever scheme Hammermaster is up to, must be stopped!

McBrewer made eye contact with his partner, McNinja. He nodded. It was a signal. Together, they rose up, and jumped.

The celling immediately collapsed into the dwarves below.

"FREEZE! THIS IS THE SECRET POLICE! YOU ARE UNDER ARREST!" McBrewer announced.

All the sudden, black clad dwarves filled the building, surrounding the presumed criminals.

"I can explain!" Hammermaster protested.

"I don't want to hear your sorry excuses," McBrewer shouted over the general. "Duplicating the signature of our rightful King is a capital crime, especially thirty of them! Take them away and strip Hammermaster of his command and authority! Have both of them interrogated immediately."

"YES SIR!" the black dwarves shouted in unison.

|+---_9_---+|
[b]Secret Interrogation Room[/b]

It was getting to be a long night for Hammermaster. He was strapped to a chair with rope, unable to escape. To make worse, there were constant dump of cold water to keep the former general awake.

"I want names!" the black clad dwarf demanded for the 14th time.

"I already told you! I have no names! This is only my doing!" Hammermaster spitted back.

"Thirty forged signature. What do you hope to accomplish?"

"To save the kingdom from the goblins."

"You mean, to save the kingdom from the king. It's very obvious that you're aiming to decapitate the throne."

"No, that's not true!"

"And what evidence do you have to prove that the goblins are there, except the alleged words of Marshall Furfire?"

"Didn't you see the letter?"

"That master fraudster had admitted he also forged that letter."

"What for???"

"It means that you are lying."

"Why are you believing him over me???"

"He fessed up quickly, and as far we can tell, it's the truth."

"But he's a fraudster!"

The interrogator brought out a menacing knife.

"We'll see if you're singing the same tune. If you're telling the truth, you will not bend your words under great immense pain for the sake of this great kingdom." There was a slasher smile on the interrogator's face.

"Oh shit!"

The interrogator stabbed in a spot that is not fatal to the disgraced general.

"GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH" the general howled.

"I WANT NAMES! GIVE ME NAMES!"

"THERE IS NO ONE!"

"LIES! LIES!"

The interrogator stabbed again, repeating the process.

|+---_10_---+|
[b]Furfire's camp
1234 NE, Day 134[/b]

It was morning time. Yet, there were no dwarven army on the horizon. Not that Furfire could see with his telescope.

"Are they going to be here?" one of his soldier asked again. It was Lieutenant Dan McSmith, a green haired fellow with knotted beard.

"No. I am afraid we're going to have to butcher our horses," the Marshall replied.

"Then maybe we could warn one of the nearby fort town, sir?"

"That's a good idea. If the generals back in the capital are still arguing, than they won't have sent a force for us. But they're town defenders, not a field army. They'll be less effective, but we need anybody to help us."

"So, who's going to do it?"

"You will, McSmith."

"But if you're going to-"

"Strategic needs matter more than our lives, son! Send reinforcements and supply as soon as possible, but approach the site with caution. We may not be alive by the time you get to us. So be prepared to run. Set out for Fort Farfield, and good luck!"

Lieutenant McSmith and his fellow comrades packed up his equipments and supplies for the ride back. Once they are done, he looked back at his fellow soldiers and his commander one last time.

Then he climbed onto his horse and rode for Farfield.
