[b]Chapter 0d[/b]


|+---_11_---+|
[b]Dungeon, Irongrind[/b]

Hammermaster was imprisoned deep inside the dungeon of the Royal Palace, chained on all limbs to the wall in the bitter cold dark cell. There was nothing inside his cell except a hole to the sewer and himself.

The former general slacked against the wall, unmoving, except the rising and falling chest. He was a criminal now, accused of the greatest crime of all, high treason against the throne. There's nothing left for him but to wait until he is condemned and hanged. His confession was as good as the truth.

Hammermaster had failed horribly. His mission to save the kingdom only made thing worse. If only he didn't use that fraudster, if only he could trust his comrades, if only he knew, and if only he didn't give in.

He cried stream of tears of self-loathing and self-pity. He wasn't strong enough to resist the torture, the pain. He just wanted it to end. So he said everything and anything to make it stop.

As promised, the torturer stopped and let him go on false information. Now, he accepted he will be executed. That didn't matter in the slightest, since he was sure that the kingdom will experience hell. Will his country make it through? He did not know, but he suspected that it was going to be horrific.

The general sighed for the first time today. Then slowly, he let the darkness took him.


|+---_12_---+|
[b]Dmung's Camp[/b]

Dmung overlooked her camp with the newly built platform that her soldiers had gathered from the beached ships, ships that can no longer carry anyone out to sea. It was hastily built, with poor craftsmanship, but it did the job.

Up there, she can see a new wave of recruits from this morning, along with 'veteran' soldiers drilling for the upcoming battle, which will takes place today. She wished she have more time to prepare, but the goblin commanders all wanted to get rid of her today by having her killed in battle.

Der Dmung inhaled deeply and than out in preparation for the speech she have to make.

"MY BLUE MINIONS!" she shouted as loudly as she could.

All at once, the blue goblins scrambled to gather around the platform. It was a huge messy rush, with the urgency of piranhas.

"The commanders and the higher ups had decided that us blues will up for battle. They thought us weak and sought to have us killed."

There were mutters of worry amongst the goblins.

"But in reality we are the strongest! We have the best equipments! We are the best trained!"

Noises of approval promptly replaced the worry.

"However, that does not mean we will succeed. If we failed, it will be the end of the Goblin army. What if the strongest fell? It means that nobody can succeed!"

The crowd rapidly increased in noise level. There were many confused looks amongst the crowd.

"Succeed or die! We are the vanguard of the Goblin Army. We win, the Goblin Army survives. We lose, the Goblin Army dies. Running is not an option. There are no boats to take us home. And we will starve very quickly."

Every blue goblin was at full attention. There wasn't even a whisper.

"So, smash that wall. Fight the hardest as you can. Never retreat. Give your lives if necessary. Only by sacrificing our souls will we succeed. Tell me, are you ready for the fight of our lives? The one that will determine everything?"

A huge collective roar ripped through the platform.

"KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL" the blue minions chanted.

Dmung smiled. Her soldiers are ready.

|+---_13_---+|
[b]A Bureaucrat's Residence, Irongrind[/b]

McBrew sighed at the dossier in his hand. He felt disbelief about the whole thing. Dozens of apparently unrelated and sometime perfectly ordinary people involved in a conspiracy to overthrow the King? When, how, for what possible reason why? Could it be...inaccurate?

The blackclad dwarf shook his head. It was not his job to think about that or to worry. Besides, the Torture and Interrogation department is the finest of any kingdom. There's no way that their information is inaccurate and faulty. McBrew put the scroll away.

"See anybody yet?" he asked his partner.

"Nope," his partner replied. "But the bureaucrat should be returning any minute now."

Just as soon as McNinja said that, the traitor in question turned up. He was the blond man with a trimmed beard just as the dossier said.

"As soon as he entered the house, get ready to rush the door."

The traitor opened the door to his abode and entered with nary a suspicion in the world.

Upon that cue, McNinja and McBrewer rushed the door. The other members of the arrest team are already inside. Together they surrounded the bureaucrat.

"FREEZE! YOU ARE UNDER ARREST FOR SUSPICION OF HIGH TREASON AGAINST THE THRONE!" McBrewer yelled.

"What is the meaning of-" the bureaucrat asked before being gagged by a black dwarf. "mmph mMMPH MPPH!"

"Get him to interrogation straight away. This is a matter of national security!"

|+---_14_---+|
[b]Farfield[/b]

McSmith saw a bump on the endless plain of greenery. By his reckoning from his watch, he should be right on top of Farfield.

He felt an endless relief. He was about out of beer and almost have to subsist on water. Then there's his teammates to worry about. They should be able to hold out long enough for a relief force.

Food. Beer. Reinforcements. All the things he wanted, all soon in reach.

The bump steadily enlarged until it became wooden walls on a hill until he reached the drawbridge.

"HALT! Who's there?" a guard shouted.

"I am Lieutenant Dan McSmith of Furfire's special taskforce group," McSmith immediately informed.

"Good, we've have been expecting you." The words lift up McSmith's spirit. So they finally got the message. McSmith walked the rest of the way with his horse besides him, heading straight for the office.

Once he was in a confined space, with very little in escape routes, a different guard stepped in.

"HALT!" the new guard commanded.

"Huh?" McSmith said, confused.

"YOU ARE UNDER ARREST FOR SUSPICION OF HIGH TREASON AGAINST THE THRONE!" the guard announced loudly. Suddenly, several pikemen surrounded him in quick order.

What is the meaning of this?

|+---_15_---+|
[b]MountainPass Mountain Battlefield[/b]

The enemies gave no respite today. The dwarves had been holding a shield wall against the pelting of stones from their slingers. It wasn't a problem in that it failed to penetrate the shield, let alone the plate armors that they were wearing. No, the problem is that they kept at it. The constant ringings and the slight blunt forces that they exerted on the soldiers built up.

Furfire looked solemnly from the small mound behind the line. He wished he have missile troops right now to kill those smug bastards harassing his troops. Dozen of bows would have shut down the problem now. He looked straight at the female goblin commander, who was on a platform amidst a mass of blue goblins. There were no emotion that he could discern from her face. Nothing at all. But she was definitely all business, observing the features of his troops in the narrow gap.

The two opposing forces were at a standstill. Each have their phalanx ready for the battle. Yet the two sides are not ready to commit. The Goblins are disadvantaged in that a few corpses from yesterday's battle still persist, breaking up their phalanx. Yet they have numbers, and missile troops.

"Switch!" Furfire ordered. His soldiers in general have no respite, especially from the army at bay. So he refreshed one at a time instead.

"CHARGE!" Dmung abruptly ordered. The goblin troopers didn't charge like madman this time. Instead they formed an orderly formation and closed in at the dwarven phalanx.

"TO THE CORPSES!" Furfire counterordered. The dwarves advanced just right next to a corpse, daring the goblins to advance. Flat terrains made phalanx powerful, and bumps in the ground weaken them. It stunk, but discipline held strong.

Spears pushed against the shields and armors of the two sides. Several goblins were sewered. Still, the goblin walls held and advanced over the corpses. More died. Meanwhile, slingers kept up the pressure with rock slinging.

"UNLEASH THE ARROWS!" Dmung ordered. Furfire momentarily flinched. The arrows flown all at once, with no stragglers whatsoever.

It wasn't the same arrows as yesterday. This had more kinetic forces, with goblins stretching their bows with their body instead of just their arms.

A few went penetrated the shields, and some penetrated into the arms, taking a few dwarves out of the fight.

Still, the dwarves continuing their butchering.

The goblins didn't break. They kept pushing. Nothing could stop them now. The dwarves, having held out, began to collapse. Thirty minutes and counting.

Two hours and counting. Goblins casualty were high. Yet they keep pushing corpses, entangling Dwarven spears.

Five minutes later, the Dwarves were broken. Yet, there were no chaos or chase by the goblins. They advanced methodically. The dwarves valiantly fought on. More and more die. They were no longer a phalanx.

Furfire lied wounded. All around him, his loyal soldiers are dead. He resigned himself to his fate. Yet, there were no spears, no swords, nothing to strike him.

A figure appeared before him. It was Der Dmung, commander of the blue goblins.

"You who had fought well, will be my faithful slave, my advisor, and my confidant," Dmung said ominously. "I have the power to compel you." She hung a green crystal necklace over his head.

"Now, you are mine."

Furfire felt his vision turned green, his heart warmed to the commander. Yet he also felt sheer fear and revulsion. That soon quickly disappeared.

"I will do as you bid, Milord," Furfire said weakly, confirming his devotion to the Goblin conqueror.

The battle of MountainPass was over.
