[size=8][b]Chapter 1: The Summoning[/b][/size]

|+---_0_---+|
[b]1234 NE, day 133[/b]
[b]Urist McHero[/b]

A convoy of five wagons surrounded by armorclad soldiers and civilians made its way down a river. What had been sparse trees continued to thicken further, impeding and slowing down the group.

"So, as I was saying. The dragon agreed to fight me fair and square in a duel of skill," Urist McHero, the adventurer, and now colonist, lied.

[i]"In reality, all I did was rushed into the dragon mouth when it was snoring, and slited its throat from the inside,"[/i] the dwarven adventurer left unsaid. [i]"But that would make me unheroric."[/i]

"Bullshit," a woman responded. "Nobody ever fought a dragon and lived!"

"But somebody did! That was me. How else would the dragon disappear, allowing us to found a new colony in this virgin land?"

"There could be a number of reasons for why the dragon disappeared! You didn't prove that you did it."

"Well, it wasn't my fault that I couldn't prove it! It turned to dust right before my eyes!" It was the truth, the pure truth. If it didn't turned into dust, he would have the skull to prove that he is a great warrior. But alas, no such proof was available.

"McHero?" an older voice butted in.

"Yes?"

"You're spewing bullshit again. Just shut up."

"Fine!" He pouted and grumbled. The old wizard was the only person who believed him, but unfortunately, he never vouched for McHero's feat. Something about bullshitting about the details of his deeds. Well, it's not if they matter! McHero was just twisting a few words there and there to make himself more favorable.

Then he bumped into the person ahead of him. "Oof!"

"Why are we stopping?" McHero asked. They had finally reached the waterfall location, causing many of the settlers to 'ooaah' and 'aaahhh', but they aren't quite at the base of the water fall yet. It was the second time that McHero had seen this structure, as he was the one who scouted the colony's location after slaying the dragon.

"Because the wagon can't move through the forest here," the wizard answered in a condescending tone."We'll have to move items one at a time."

"Whaaaat??"

"Unless someone can make a pathway to the cliff."

"Can't you just use your magic whatjathingie, Urist Wizbeard?"

"No! I will not use my magic for something as trivial as this, not if I could try out something great! My magic reserve is not exactly unlimited, you know?"

"Whatever you say, boss." The warrior rolled his eyes at Wizbeard in defiance. Wizbeard never really like to use magic all that often, especially for trivial things. McHero sometime wondered if the wizard is actually a fraud.

"Why you!!!!!"

McHero ignored Wizbeard and begun the task of unloading the goods from the wagon. They will need to make a pathway through the thick forest to make transporting easier. After that, it's choosing the location that they were going to dig.

Meanwhile, Wizbeard threw himself into some kind of arcane work that only wizards do, ignoring all the ordinary tasks needed to set up a colony. First, he cleared a relatively flat meadow. Afterward, he drew a diagram with powdered chalk in accordance with the tome he consulted.

The settlers set up camp right outside the thick forest. It will take a while.

|+---_1_---+|
[b]February 8, 2017[/b]
[b]Terry Perry[/b]

[BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP]

It was 8 AM in the morning. The phone/clock was ringing, causing a midget to jump out of his bed. He looked like he would fit in as a dwarf, especially with the rather large beard he had.

"Damn alarm!" he bitched. The midget punched hard at the nightstand, narrowly missing the phone, the target of his wraith.

[BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP]

"OOOOOOOOUUUCH!" He rapidly shook his hands while he jumped around. After the pain had subsided, he did a swipe on his phone, shutting down the alarm.

"Note to self, buy a cheap disposable alarm."

The midget waltzed to the master bathroom to take care of his daily hygiene needs. Once done, he headed to the office in the next room. At the door, the midget can see the newly installed maghony door, as well the title, "President of the Civilization Rebuilder Society". It was pretenious to the core. Not only that, nobody will ever see it. But it was the one vice that Perry indulged for himself in private.

As he was a midget, everything had to scale down to meet his needs, or there were special implements to aid him, such as the ladder beside the bookshelf, the mini-desk, smaller pencils, and so on.

Perry seated himself and moved the mouse on his desktop. The monitor lit up. Just as planned, Perry's piracy of several terabytes of useful data was already downloaded last night.

Perry grinned to himself. He now had a backup copy of a civilization's worth of knowledge, not just what his organization had already deemed useful. Of course, it didn't matter much. Knowledge aren't useful if you can't apply them or you have to go through the garbage. The download was just the start of the project. He had a gazillion of things to go through, and lot of books to eliminate. Things like "homopathy" or "traditional chinese medicine", and so on. The last thing he wanted was some poor sod mistaking the TCM and homopathy as useful scientific knowledge that he can use to bootstrap civilization.

Perry opened up a terminal and began to-.

|+---_2_---+|
[b]Urist Wizbeard[/b]

Muttering to himself, Wizbeard drew ever more complex shapes, lines, and all sort of details inside bigger simpler runes. He had took out his ruler and protractor, paper and quill.

Rune magic required precision and accuracy to work. Which is why he did lot of calculation, and recheck them again and again. He measured not twice, but quadruple to be extra sure. He had also paved meticulously the earth that he was going to use. A slightly uneven ground can spell disaster for the spell.

It took him several hours, without any break except for a slip of beer. He would need to ration it carefully, or otherwise he will run out and become drunk.

"Finally! Dwarves! We are ready!" Wizbeard announced. The dwarves rallied around their leader.

"So what's with your runes? Are you going to turn water into booze?" McHero asked.

"As much as I would love to increase our provision and decrease the probability of getting drunk, it's impossible for me to do that. No, we'll getting something much better."

"Much better? What is it? adamantium pice-axe? It's going to be a bitch to build a traditional mountain home like you want."

"No! It's a person."

"A person?"

"Yes! A person! Like the founder of our great Kingdom. Legend had it that he was summoned by a great mage to lead the Dwarves out of their homeland and settle here."

"Summoning? Ain't that just a fairy tale told to children?"

"It's not bullshit like your stories!"

"Hey! I resent that!"

"Anyway, it had took me years to get to this point. I even wrote the whole thing in the tome here. We should be able to summon a legendary dwarf, and it should be a repeatable process, even if you have to digest it for the next thirty years!"

"What?"

"I started the project in my 40s. And it took me eighty years of research. Unfortunately, one of the runework required comprehension and knowledge to make the summoning work."

"How do you know if it work?"

"It'll work, damn it!"

"And did it work before?"

"Well, I only test pieces of it to see that the diagram works. But I never actually did go through the whole hog..."

"This is going to blow up in you face! Or it'll work and summon a demon instead!"

"It will not summon a demon! I can prove it right now!"

Wizbeard stomped his feet on the activation rune, causing the field of runework to activate. It was the prettiest light show they ever seen. Red, blue, yellow, orange, and numerous other colors spreaded across the runes on the ground.

Then suddenly, the tome for his summoning spell caught fire.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Wizbeard yelled.

A huge powerful current of wind then scattered the dwarves and put out the fire. Finally, a huge bright light appeared, blinding all the dwarves. The spell was a complete success. And in its place, a huge concrete block appeared.

"Congratulation! You summoned......a huge block of smooth concrete!" McHero mock congratulated Wizbeard.

"NOOOOOOOOO!" Wizbeard sobbed. "My work, destoryed! My summoning, a failure!"

"What's the big deal? You can redo it right?" The runes on the ground are all unrecognizable or buried by the concrete slab.

"No, you idiot! I only know the theroretical outline, and even then, it's completely useless without the detailed diagram."

"Alright, but we have a problem right now. We'll deal with your doojaathingie later."

"WHY YOU?!!!!"

"In case you haven't notice, a door had opened. It appeared that this slab of concrete is in fact a building."

A dwarf came out. It was the strangest dwarf they ever seen. The dwarf in question was dressed in drab grey clothing, just like the color of the concrete behind him. On him was all sort of pouches and pockets, none that they ever seen on clothing. His trouser had even more pouches and pockets. He also wore a hat with some sort of artifact not known to the dwarves.

It was disconcerting and strange to say the least.

"Hi! You humans?" he said. That was the last question the dwarves had expected him to ask. Humans? They are too short to be humans! What kind of question is that?

|+---_3_---+|
[b]Terry Perry[/b]

Something had interrupted his work. A huge earthquake.

Perry was on his chair glued down to the floor. He rolled out from the chair before standing up. Perry surveyed the surrounding. Several items had fell, but nothing of major importance to care about. The midget was suddenly glad that he splurged by proofing against Earthquake threats when he brought and built his home.

It was impossible to proof against everything as a rational prepper, but Perry had apparently the strangest devil's luck in the universe. For instance, his friend brought Perry a lottery ticket for his birthday, even though the probability for winning was too low to be worth it. He won 50 million bucks, which he then invested in an index fund. Another time, he gambled with 50 dollars on the stock market, and correctly timed everything, causing him to win ten million dollars before deciding to quit while ahead.

Perry checked out the surveillance footage on his computer. He spotted a group of midgets outside his house, but the scenery was just plain wrong. So he opened a window behind him. It was really the forest! Perry wondered if he was dreaming or hallucinating. So he went through a checklist on his computer.

Pinches. Screaming. Headdesking. Knocking his fingers on the glass. Jumping. Nothing.

It was as real as it get. He decided to run into a wall to snap out of his delusion.

"OUUUUCH!" If it was a dream, then it sure hurts like hell.
