[b]Chapter 0b[/b]

|+---_4_---+|
[b]Dmung's Camp[/b]

The rainstorm continued into the night, pelting down the invaders' already low morale. About eighteen hundred men and three commanders were lost to the dwarves, with no casualty for the dwarves. As a result, the loud noise and celebrative feasting that were the norm earlier in the day were replaced by unusual silence this evening.

Yet, Dmung's camp was unlike the other. It wasn't quiet, nor was they were in a festive mood. But it was loud, with repetition of certain words and phrase.

"One, two, strike!" a lone goblin voice shouted.

"HA!" the camp collectively yelled.

"One, two, strike!" the goblin voice repeated.

"HA!"

"One, two, strike!"

"HA!"

They did this activity outdoor, when the rain was still pouring.

Der Dmung was watching the whole thing, yet she wasn't paying much attention to the process. Instead, her thought was on the state of the goblin army as a whole and her lack of influence. Right now she had new recruits, and the best equipments that coppers can buy. She won all of that through gambling on the battle outcome. Her accurate predictions had won considerable praise and soldiers to her cause. That wasn't enough.

She saw how the whole goblin army operated, both now and in the last campaign. It was dysfunctional to say the least. A goblin was far more likely to die from their own comrades than to be killed by the enemy. Tactics are non-existent, and strategy a complete afterthought. Only through Dmung's observations of battles between her own and the goblin many years ago did she ascertained the truth of the matter.

Unlike her peers, she had chosen to use her demon-given brain rather than blunder about. Not only she won equipments from her prediction, she had put her goblins through a Dwarven training regimen. Simple mimicry, but it should drill discipline into her army. She saw how an improper and messy name invited defeat.

Despite the innovation in the command of her army, Dmung wondered if she will succeed against the Dwarven defenders. They were better trained, and their officers have a presence of mind. No matter what, 2 or 3 days of training wasn't enough to make her goblins better than the dwarves that killed 1800 men with no death of their own. However, if she could garnered the entire support of the goblin army, she could succeed, even if that meant grinding even more men. Dmung racked her brain for the 20th time. There was still no solution. A scene did echoed through her brain.


[i]"Help me, and we'll achieve victory," Dmung said to the other leaders. "My predictions are correct. It proved that I know something."

"Why would we help you? You're stinking lucky for the last three times. What make you think you're lucky on the fourth?" a yellow goblin rebuked.

"But you saw how our battle goes. Our way of fighting is ineffective!"

"Bullshit! Only strength matter. We're sending the unluckiest and weakest group first. It's natural that they lose!" an orange goblin argued.

"But...."

Suddenly, the yellow goblin pushed against Dmung, forcing the blue commander into the ground.

"We don't want to hear your stinking idea you stinky lucky loser!"[/i]

Dmung shook her head. She wondered why the rest are so stupid. Nevertheless, some of the lower are listening. They are flocking to her group, training themselves under the watchful eyes of her lieutenants. Maybe she'll have enough strength to fight the inevitable battle. Despite her reputation gain, the other commanders still think she's weak, so she was scheduled to fight sooner rather than later.

"BLAH! I can't take it anymore! I am quitting!" one of the new recruit whined. The recruit proceeded to take off his armor and dropped his weapon before disappearing into the night. But then again, her training regime wasn't exactly for everyone. Dmung only hoped that her troops will be enough by then.

Dmung took out a green crystal necklace out of her pocket and rubbed her hand on it. She had stolen it from a Dwarf mage in the last war, even heard the mage explaining the purpose. The unassuming green crystal held great power for its user over the wearer. However, she had no plan to use it on any goblins. That's a waste of time. Instead, she planned to use it on a worthy dwarf.

|+---_5_---+|
[b]Furfire's camp[/b]

It was a miserable night for the dwarves. Rains continuously pelted their body, and food was dangerously low. There wasn't a single thing that they could eat out on the plain. Even if they could, they didn't have the equipment necessary for hunting.

One dwarf looked hungrily at the horse right next to him. He could imagine the flavor and texture filling his nostrils and his mouth as he chew.

Furfire whacked the dwarf with a stick to the metal helmet.

"Focus!" Furfire admonished. "You are supposed to be on watch duty!"

"The reinforcement will arrive tomorrow, correct?" the dwarf asked longly. They were tired, especially after traveling non-stop all day and all night to reach MountainPass. It was just that their luck that they arrived just in time, but not enough time to establish themselves and for assistance to come.

"Correct. But if they did not, we're stuck here until there's relief."

"But that would be disastrous. We would need to eat our horses!"

"Hopefully, that won't be necessary."

As soon as Furfire saw the goblins, as predicted by the priests at Thermadyne temple, he had sent massager bird to the seat of government. Hopefully, they will respond quickly with aids from the nearest army.

If not, they would fight to the death to buy time for the dwarves to prepare. He had faith in the government and the king. They won the last war against the invading goblins. They just need to repeat the feat again.

|+---_6_---+|
[b]Mead Hall, Irongrind Palace[/b]

The king and his entourage of women were feasting on an obscene amount of food. Indeed, there were ten dishes for every person seated, with the vast majority of food being some kind of meat dish. It was the birthright of King Urist Lazythrone to enjoy himself. Especially since he needs to rule and make difficult decision.

A servant opened the door to the mead hall and rushed in, panting and sweating. He looked the part of a bureaucrat, with black inks on his skin, and a colorful uniform to match.

"Sir!" the scribe said with urgency.

"HOW DARE YOU INTERRUPT MY BANQUET!" the king roared.

"But sir, it's an emergency!"

"AN EMERGENCY?!"

"Yes, sir! Furfire had spotted goblins on the west coast. He requested assistance!"

"Furfire! That abominable slander of the throne! The bastard who dared said that my banquets are indulgence in debauchery? He's probably a lying bastard as well. Request denied!" the king ranted.

"But sir!"

"End of decision. Guards, take him out." The guards dragged the protesting bureaucrat out of the building and threw him down the stair.

Then the king was back to his banquet and his harem. He had them two nights in a row. Lazythrone plan to best his record of 8 days. He quickly gobbed down chicken soup and then burped loudly.

"This is delicious stuff! I want more of this tomorrow."

Meanwhile, the injured messenger limped back to the general's office to deliver the bad news. He wasn't certain if a solution will arrive, but he hoped the general will talk sense into the King. It wasn't right that the King's hatred of Furfire prevented him from making a rational decision and it wasn't right that the royal guards treated him so roughly. He was just a messenger.
