Chapter 0: Prologue

|+---_0_---+|
[b]Battle of Mountain Pass[/b]
[b]1234 NE, Day 133[/b]

In the sky below the battefield, one could spot two moving swarms of creatures. A copper and green group that had set up camp on the beaches, and living grey metals that were blocking a passage that lead inward.

The weather had not been cooperative as of late. Strong winds and waves continuously belted against the ships owned by the invaders, pouring water into their boat and damaging their structure.

Meanwhile, water poured down from the dark cloud, making everything wet on land. Lighting and thunders descended as well.

It was getting to be a very miserable day.

Nonetheless, the two groups met on the battlefield in the forsaken rains.

|+---_1_---+|
[b]Marshall Asmund Furfire[/b]

There were so many green dots, as far as the eyes can see.

That what the dwarven Marshall Asmund Furfire thought as he looked at the battlefield in front of him. So many goblins, so many that want to ruin his home. How could his band of soldiers possibly survive the battle that is yet to come? By the end of it, his troops will be overrun and Furfire himself dead.

 Marshall quickly squashed that thought. It wasn't useful to think like that, not on the brink of the most important battle for IronGear.

 The dwarf turned his back toward the soldiers. Even as the rain pelted heavily against his warriors, they had that look of determination in their eyes. Their face mighty grim even as their helmet hid their face. They stood sure and tall, their weapons ready to swing at a moment notice.

 Somehow, Marshall felt assured. He could see his 300 winning against the overwhelming numbers that the goblins posed. Sheer folly, his mind told him. He chose to ignore it.

The dwarven commander walked back into the rear, the rows and columns of his small 'army' opening up a clear passage. A commander always lead from behind.

|+---_2_---+|
[b]Fifth Der Dmung[/b]

Things had already went terribly wrong for the goblins. Their ships wrecked from the storm, and much of their supply lost to the ocean. Over fifty thousands murderous goblins at the beach, yet only one week supply of food remained. The other seven destroyed by the storm. Many don't even have any armor at all, let alone any arms.

Bad rotten luck, yet nobody seemed to care. The mood was still jolly. The goblins sang of conquest yet to come, rather than wallow in the midst of a storm and a wrecked fleet.

[i]But that will all change very quickly[/i], Dmung thought. Most had never fought in a battle before, only knowing stories of victories and glories. Those that lost were killed down to the last man, and those that survived were butchered by his own countrymen for failure. And all rumors and mentions of defeat at the hand of our enemies are hersey, punishable by death. Dmung only survived by bluffing and lying. She went home with the name of a goblin she murdered.

"Ahoy!" a voice shouted. "Bet making time! Where's the commander?"

"That would be me," Dmung announced. She stepped outside the camp tent to face the bookmaker. Horde of blue colored helmets surrounded her and the lone tattered bookmaker.

"Good! We're currently betting on how many dwarves that the first wave will kill. Right now, most commanders all of them or nearly all. What will you choose?"

"Exactly zero. And I gamble everything we have."

The poorly armored bookkeeper's mouth was jaw slacked. "Are you sure???"

The commander's troops muttered noise of disbelief.

"You're crazy miss!" one of her blue minion bravely protested."There's no way that the dwarves will win the first battle! No way!"

Dmung glared hard at the outspoken minion. "Do you want to duel me to the death?"

"No," he quickly answered.

"Good. Do we have a deal?"

"Yes. Yes. You will lose, though."

The female commander smiled. "We'll see about that."

|+---_3_---+|
[b]First Battle[/b]

Overlooking the troop formation from a small mound, Furfire saw the first opponent of the day, a group of unruly red color coded goblins, twice the size of his group. They were poorly equipped and their lines were messy. Behind his opponents were goblin spectators of various other colors. There were lot of smiles and ancipation in their voices. Presumably, they were here to observe Marshall's defeat. That will not be happening.

"FIRE!" a nameless goblin commander yelled. Arrows were unleashed by his bowmen, though not quite at the same time.

"RAISE SHIELD!" Marshall countered. On instinct, his soldiers raised their shields all at once. The arrows slanted off the palanx harmlessly.

"CHARGE!" the goblin commanded stupidly. The crazed goblins all charged in with reckless abandon. They slammed hard into the shield wall of Marshall's knights. Quick stabbing motions from the spears mained and killed many of the goblins. Then they were pushed back by the shields.

Suddenly, there was a gap in the line.

"CHARGE!"

The goblins, all frightened, went in again. There were still hardly any hits to the shield walls. More fell, making the battle line an unweldly place.

"STEP BACK!" Marshall barked. The goblins took the bait.

Half of the attacking force were depleted. Ten or twenty individuals ran.

"COME BACK YOU TRAITORS!" the goblin commander yelled. "FORGET THEM DWARVES! KILL THEM! KILL THEM!" The red goblins were slow to respond to the command. It was a huge mess of confusion. Who's the traitors? Who's attacking them right now?

The troops in the back did manage to notice the traitors, so they gave chase. Meanwhile, the dwarves advanced upon the confused goblins line for more blows. They did not break formation or gave chase.

The dwarven line grinded through the goblin front, stomping the dead under their feet and impaling their opponents.

"SHIT! FUCK!" the red leader yelled. And there was a stab straight through his heart. By then the red soldiers were in full panic. Some of them froze. Some of them flailed their weapons.

Many tried to run back toward the safety of the larger goblin army. They were all killed as pathetic losers.

|+---_4_---+|
Dmung's Camp

The rainstorm continued into the night, pelting down the invaders' already low morale. About eighteen hundred men and three commanders were lost to the dwarves, with no casualty on their side. As a result, the loud noise and celebrative feasting that were the norm earlier in the day were replaced by unusual silence in the night.

Yet, Dmung's camp was unlike the other. It wasn't quiet, nor are they were in a festive mood. But it was loud, with repetition of certain words and phrase.

"One, two, strike!" a lone goblin voice shouted.

"HA!" the camp collectively yelled.

"One, two, strike!" the goblin repeated.

"HA!"

"One, two, strike!"

"HA!"

They were at this for a whole hour even as the rain pelted their every move.

Der Dmung was watching the whole thing, yet she wasn't paying much attention to process. Instead, her thought was on the state of the goblin army as a whole and her lack of influence. Right now she had new recruits, and the best equipments that coppers can buy from her gambling. Her accurate predictions had won consierable praise and soldiers to her cause. That wasn't enough.

She saw how the whole goblin army operated, both now and in the last campaign. It was dysfunctional to say the least. A goblin was more likely to die from their own comrades than to be killed by the enemy. Tactics are non-existent, and strategy a complete afterthought. Only through Dmung's observations of battles between her own and the goblin many years ago did she ascertained the truth of the matter.

Dmung was not only copying Dwarven training regimen. She was using her demon given brains. She wondered if she will succeed against the Dwarven defenders. However, if she could garnered the entire support of the goblin army, she could succeed. Dmung racked her brain for the 20th time. There was still no solution. A scene did echoed through her brain.


[i]"Help me, and we'll achieve victory," Dmung said to the other leaders. "My predictions are correct. It proved that I know something."

"Why would we help you? You're stinking lucky for the last three times. What make you think you're lucky on the fourth?" a yellow goblin rebuked.

"But you saw how our battle goes. Our way of fighting is ineffective!"

"Bullshit! Only strength matter. We're sending the unluckiest and weakest group first. It's natural that they lose!" an orange goblin argued.

"But...."

Suddenly, the yellow goblin pushed against Dmung, forcing the blue commander into the ground.

"We don't want to hear your stinking idea you stinky lucky loser!"[/i]

Dmung shook her head. She wondered why the rest are so stupid. Nevertheeless, some of the lower are listening. They are flocking to her group, training themselves under the watchful eyes of her lieutenant. Maybe she'll have enough strength to fight the inevitable battle. Despite her reputation gain, the other commanders still think she's weak, so she was scheduled to fight sooner rather than later.

"BLAH! I can't take it anymore! I am quitting!" one of the new recruit whined. The recruit proceeded to take off his armor and dropped his weapon before disappearing into the night. But then again, her training regime wasn't exactly for everyone. Dmung only hoped that her troops will be enough by then.

|+---_5_---+|
Furfire's camp

It was a miserable night for the dwarves. Rains had pelted their body, and food was dangerously low. There wasn't a single thing that they could eat out on the plain. Even if they could, they didn't have the equipment necessary for hunting.

One dwarf looked hungrily at the horse right next to him. He could imagine the flavor and texture filling his nostrils and his mouth as he chew.

Furfire whacked the dwarf with a stick to the metal helmet.

"Focus!" Furfire admonished. "You are supposed to be on watch duty!"

"The reinforcement will arrive tomorrow, correct?" the dwarf asked longly. They were tired, especially after traveling non-stop all day and all night to reach MountainPass. It was just that their luck that they arrived just in time, but not enough time to establish themsleves and for assistance to come.

"Correct. But if they did not, we're stuck here until there's relief."

"But that would be disastrous. We would need to eat our horses!"

"Hopefully, that won't be necessary."

As soon as Furfire saw the goblins, as predicted by the priests at Thermadyne temple, he had sent messager bird to the seat of government. Hopefully, they would respond quickly with aids from the nearest army.

If not, they would fight to the death to buy time for the dwarves to prepare. He had faith in the government and the king. They won the last war against the invading goblins. They just need to repeat the feat again.

|+---_6_---+|
Mead Hall, Irongrind Palace

The king and his entourage of women were feasting on an obscene amount of food. Indeed, there were ten dishes for every person seated, with the vast majority of food being some kind of meat dishes cooked in almost every way imaginable. It was the birthright of King Urist Lazythrone to enjoy himself. Especially since he need to rule and make difficult decision.

A servant opened the door to the mead hall and rushed in, panting and sweating. He looked the part of a bureaucrat, with black inks on his skin, and a colorful uniform to match.

"Sir!" the scribe said with urgency.

"HOW DARE YOU INTERRUPT MY BANQUET!" the king roared.

"But sir, it's an emergency!"

"AN EMERGENCY?!"

"Yes, sir! Furfire had spotted goblins on the west coast. He requested assistance!"

"Furfire! That abominable slander of the throne! The bastard who dared said that my banquets are indulgence in debauchery? He's probably a lying bastard as well. Request denied!" the king ranted.

"But sir!"

"End of decision. Guards, take him out." The guards dragged the protesting bureaucrat out of the building and threw him down the stair.

Then the king was back to his banquet and his harem. He had them two nights in a row. Lazythrone plan to best his record of 8 days. He quickly gobbed down chicken soup and then burped loudly.

"This is delicious stuff! I want more of this tomorrow."

Meanwhile, the injured messenger limped back to the general's office to deliver the bad news. He wasn't certain if a solution will arrive, but he hoped the general will talk sense into the King. It wasn't right that the King's hatred of Furfire prevented him from making a rational decision and it wasn't right that the royal guards treated him so roughly. He was just a messenger.

|+---_7_---+|
Red Light District, Irongrind

General Rike Hammermaster walked down the dark street, ignoring the sight of pretty women selling their bodies to the eyes of lustful men. Instead he headed straight for a certain building. He was in a hurry, not in the mood for entertainment. A conversation with a certain bastard continuously occupied his mind.

[i]"If you don't listen to Furfire, listen to me!" Hammermaster protested.

"That bastard is a liar, and if he hadn't already done worse, I would have kicked him out of the army. Now you're siding with him. Do you want me to strip you of your generalship as well?" the king ranted with food in his mouth.

"But your majesty! This is serious!"

"So what if it's true? My father beat them last time, and we can do it again!"

"Arrogance will lead-"

"I don't want to hear your blabbermouth! If you say something again, I will really kick you out of the army!"

Hammermaster was absolutely silent at that point. He wasn't afraid of punishment, especially when it comes to doing the things necessary for his country. But getting punished here won't help at all. His generalship will be stripped absolutely and he won't be able to command even a single soldier.

He walked out of the door with an irate dwarven King behind him.
[/i]

Having already exhausted his options with the King, Hammermaster was resorting to a really shady thing that he shouldn't be doing. He could talk to the rest of the generals, but how many of them will cooperate and how many will report him to the King, stripping his authority to command armies? He had never contemplated this situation before, as it was never really necessary. But he did felt that more likely than not, he would get caught and reported. Command authority and willingness to obey order was very much ingrained in the Dwarven war machine. Independent soldiers like Hammermaster and Furfire stood out like a round peg in a square hole. They were only kept due to their sheer competency, much to the dislike of other officiers.

This is why he's doing said shady thing, forging the King's signature to send messages back to the West coast for mobilization of troops to MountainPass. It was certain to be more of a success.

However, the general wasn't trained in espionage. There was a possibility of failure. Even if he succeed, he might later be put to death, and his name casted into infamy while the King lapped up the honor. But his personal fortune wouldn't matter the slighest bit if the kingdom fell.

|+---_8_---+|
Signature Forger's House

A slight and unnoticable hole was made in the celling of a certain nobeard's house, adjacent to a wall. Inside the attic on top of the celling, a black clad dwarf was sliding his periscope in. His name is agent Bark McBrewer.

He spied the nobeard dwarf getting to work on his next forging of signature. This time, it was the King's signature. This nobeard had crossed the line. True, he was already a criminal, having helped hundred of his clients defraud governments and citizens alike. It was a mystery that the nobeard had escaped notice so often as he did.

But now that's no longer the case. Especially since the secret police had finally caught to this man. Since the founding of the services two years ago, corruption had dramatically dropped. At first, they caught stupid scoundrels and corrupt bureaucrats everyday. Then the bureaucrats had either been cleaned out or they had gotten smarter. Nowdays, the secret police were spending all their time on time-consuming police work.

This is one of them.

Another agent, Urist McNinja, smoothly made a square cut into the celling surrounding the duo, but not so that it penetrated too deeply. They don't want to fall down until they need to, nor do they want to alert the criminal beneath him. With a quick forceful stomp, the celling should collapse on the criminal and the client they're apprehending.

Finally, a dwarf entered the building, and this client was....General Hammermaster? No, it couldn't be!

"Are the signatures ready?" Hammermaster asked the master fraudster.

"As ready it would be. Do you really need thrity of them?" the nobeard dwarf asked.

"Why are you asking? Are you complaining about all the golds?"

"No, just curious. Anyway, the king's signature should be done in a minute."

That does it! A king's signature is power, and whatever scheme Hammermaster is up to, must be stopped!

McBrewer made eye contact with his partner, McNinja. He nodded. It was a signal. Together, they rose up, and jumped.

The celling immediately collapsed into the dwarves below.

"FREEZE! THIS IS THE SECRET POLICE! YOU ARE UNDER ARREST!" McBrewer announced.

All the sudden, black clad dwarves filled the building, surrounding the criminal duos.

"I can explain!" Hammermaster protested.

"I don't want to hear your sorry excuses," McBrewer shouted over the general. "Duplicating the signature of our rightful King is a capital crime, especially 30 of them! Take them away and strip Hammermaster of his command and authority!"
